README.md, before:

## **event.connect** 

.. project in progress ..

Live Site Hosted By Modulus.io: [event.connect](http://eventconnect-22267.onmodulus.net/)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

**Description**

Auto-collects geolocation on client-connect and populates the up and coming music events in the users area. Renders dates, times, venues, artist images and bios using the LastFM API on the server.

In an effort to provide information to the artist about where they're wanted most, the user can make a request to the artist's "Artist Wanted Wall". 

In addition to providing market awareness, the user can leave small notes to the artist along with their request and follow the wall itself. This data is stored to and pulled from MongoDB.

Additionaly, the user can choose to search events by artist as well as request their top tracks. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

**Technologies**

Node.js, Express.js, Mustache.js, Underscore.js, Socket.io, MongoDB

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

**APIs**

LastFm, GoogleMaps & Geocoder

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

**What Else**

No instances of **var self = this** were used or harmed during this production. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

**Authored By**

Scott Jason

Commit message:

updates readme with current and stretch

README.md, after:

## **event.connect** 

.. project in progress ..

Live Site Hosted By Modulus.io: [event.connect](http://eventconnect-22267.onmodulus.net/)

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

**Description**

Auto-collects geolocation on client-connect and populates the up and coming music events in the users area. Renders dates, times, venues, artist images and bios using the LastFM API on the server.

Additionaly, the user can choose to search events by artist as well as request their top tracks, shouts and other fan-based activity. 

Creates a one-stop media spot that provide fans access to the whole of the artists online activity.

**Stretch**

In an effort to provide information to the artist about where they're wanted most, the user can make a request to the artist's "Artist Wanted Wall". 

In addition to providing market awareness, the user can leave small notes to the artist along with their request and follow the wall itself. This data is stored to and pulled from MongoDB.

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

**Technologies**

Node.js, Express.js, Mustache.js, Underscore.js, Socket.io

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

**APIs**

LastFm, GoogleMaps & Navigator

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

**What Else**

No instances of **var self = this** were used or harmed during this production. 

-----------------------------------------------------------------------

**Authored By**

Scott Jason
